Add a 2020 elections announcement blogpost (#3761)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2020/09/2020-09-24-board-elections.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "2020 Jenkins Board and Officer elections. Nominations and voter registration are open!"
tags:
- community
- governance
- governance-board
- elections
authors: 
- oleg_nenashev
description: >
  This article announces the 2020 elections and describes the next steps for contributors.
opengraph:
  image: TODO
---

Nominations for the 2020 elections open for one governing board position and five officer positions, namely:

> Security, Events, Release, Infrastructure and Documentation.

Reviewer: Hyperlink to the officer descriptions for easier reading by interested individuals.
```suggestion
link:/project/team-leads/#security[Security], link:/project/team-leads/#events[Events], link:/project/team-leads/#release[Release], link:https://www.jenkins.io/project/team-leads/#infrastructure[Infrastructure], and link:https://www.jenkins.io/project/team-leads/#documentation[Documentation].
```

During the 2019 elections, we elected 3 board members and 5 officers.
You can find the voting results link:/blog/2019/12/16/board-election-results/[here].
This year, we decided to make a few changes in the link:/project/board-election-process[election process] based on the 2019 elections feedback.

== Key dates

* **Sep 24** - Nominations open, voting sign-up begins.
* **Oct 15** - Board and officer nominations deadline.
* **Oct 22** - List of candidates is published, including personal statements.
* **Nov 02** - Voting sign-up is over.
* **Nov 10** - Voting begins. link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/[Condorcet Internet Voting Service] will be used for voting.
* **Nov 27** - Voting ends, 11PM UTC.
* **Dec 03** - Election results are announced and take effect.

== Signing up for voting

Any Jenkins individual contributor is eligible to vote in the election
if there was a contribution made before September 01, 2020.
_Contribution_ does not mean a _code contribution_,
all contributions count:
documentation patches,
code reviews,
substantial issue reports,
issues and mailing list responses,
social media posts,
testing,
etc.
Such a contribution should be public.

> You sign-up can sign up for voting in two ways:

Reviewer: Remove duplication
```suggestion
You can register to vote in one of two ways:
```

1. Fill out link:https://forms.gle/y3qDo8EM8iQnd3fY9[this Google Form].
2. Send an email to mailto:jenkins-2020-elections@googlegroups.com[jenkins-2020-elections@googlegroups.com].
   You will need to provide the information specified link:/project/board-election-process/#voter-sign-up-and-eligibility[here].

Once sign-up is over, the election committee will process the form submissions and prepare a list of the registered voters.
In the case of rejection, one of the election committee members will send a rejection email.
Every individual contributor is expected to vote only once.

Deadline for the voter registration is **November 02**.

== Nominating contributors

Suggestions from the community members are highly valued,

> and the board welcomes additional nominations beyond who we might consider.

Reviewer: Optionally simplify phrasing?
```suggestion
and the board welcomes additional nominations.
```

If you feel that a particular person is well suited to help guide Jenkins, please submit a name and the reason for your nomination to mailto:jenkinsci-board@googlegroups.com[jenkinsci-board@googlegroups.com].
Self nominations are also welcome.

Deadline for nominations is **October 15**.

== Terms

The terms of office for these elected positions are:

* Officer positions (1 year): December 03, 2020 to December 2, 2021
* Governing board member (2 years): December 03, 2020 to December 2, 2022

== Elections committee

The 2020 elections are coordinated by the Jenkins Governance Board members who are not up for re-election this year:
link:/blog/authors/slide_o_mix/[Alex Earl],
link:/blog/authors/uhafner/[Ullrich Hafner], and
link:/blog/authors/oleg_nenashev/[Oleg Nenashev].
These contributors are responsible for managing the process,
preparing the nominee list for elections,
forming and verifying the voter list,

> and processing/announcing the election results.

Reviewer: Possible alternate phrasing  (optional)
```suggestion
processing the votes,
and announcing the results.
```
